rustle - 30 talk to me he's looking for
people to talk to you're really unique
so it's about something absolutely yeah
it's very special it's my fifth
WrestleMania and obviously we're
estimating 30 it's a huge milestone for
us and it's gonna be a great show great
events a lot of great matches a lot of
great moments going to be created with
the Superdome itself which is a awesome
mazing Stadium it's got a roof on it so
like I was there for the NFL game
there's November it's just a great
atmosphere in there and it's gonna be I
know it's gonna be incredible this
Sunday I remember I think it was maybe
Shawn Michaels talking about one of the
WrestleManias in the open-air stadium
and he sort of said a lot the atmosphere
gets sucked out the roof so it's nice to
have a roof on the stadium it does a lot
a lot of the song it's not air taking
out like New York and in the year before
that was there Miami as well as opener
stadiums are great but what's happening
is the Sounders traveling up and sit
around at the Dome it's crazy it's like
everything echoes that I mean I couldn't
believe the sound or eq6 when I was
there for that NFL game so it's gonna be
oh I'm sorry it's going to be incredible
so yeah incredible atmosphere from
70,000 70,000 plus I think I mean it's
it's just a different type of atmosphere
I mean you know what it's like talking
like a football game you know I mean I
did watch an American football sometimes
it's a it's a little different because
it's credited you know are a little
different but when you you see a lot of
the you know European fans and so forth
I especially the English crowds like
football crowds did the you know singing
the songs and making a noise and the
chants know that's what that's that's
when the dome was very special because
those type of chants and everything just
like echo around the halls you know and
it's it just makes for a great
atmosphere and the better the atmosphere
in the bed that the more on song those
fans are the better just show ways
because as Superstars and entertainers
we literally who feed off all that
energy and off the whole lot noise and I
can tell you there's no better fans than
the WB fans
well the WB fans really been making a
lot of noise over the last few months
been very vocal a lot of kind of
interesting Chauncey is that um how has
that been for you guys it's
cheating's kind of helped change the
direction of the the product I think it
makes a lot of fun makes a lot of fun I
mean especially the Daniel Bryan chants
and yes
answers be very unique you know and old
Danny Boy and myself come back a long
time and have a lot of different feuds
and to me he's one of the best super
formers and superstars have been in
their way and he's paid his way man like
you know we both started off in the UK
and Ireland wrestling well he said in
America but he also wants you every
summer we go to all-star wrestling where
I'm myself Wade Barrett and Drew
McIntyre kind of caught her teeth so you
know he's always been active he loves
what he does and it shows and it shows
in the ring it shows his passion in his
heart and he's having a great time in
the fans love them yeah and I speak you
back home what do you miss from back in
Ireland and don't say your family mr.
kosterman I miss I miss been able to pop
down the old local Boozer and now what's
a bit of Premiership football you know
what I mean are some rugby you know it's
um it's a different culture over here I
love it over here
I definitely get homesick sometimes you
know what I mean I can't explain it you
know when you grow up you grow up in a
country or city and you know that way of
life it's just what you're used to it's
a lot of different things I could spend
all day telling it at different things
but this country's give me a lot of
great opportunities to follow my dream
at the WWE but I do like to get back a
lot I don't got European tour coming up
as well and where we'll be in the UK and
Ireland and although remain not Europe
so I love those tours
excuse me chance to get home I need a
lot of Cadbury's chocolate and I mean so
that's what you mean it's the Caffrey's
chocolate vishakha fella any particular
like whole nut
fruit nut Turkish Delight one that one
gets complicated man this don't messing
with that stuff you don't mean to keep a
simple man Dairy Milk I'm saying massive
product gosh in there you know I just
ruined just but yeah it's just you know
I thought the weather you know the true
rain and overcast skies and you know
it's it's great is I do that I do miss
home though I already do just talking
about the the sort of wrestling scene
back home we were lucky enough to go to
the performance center where there are
so many young guys coming up do you
think it's sort of changing the way that
WB looks for new talent because there
are still a lot of independent
promotions back back there in the UK
there is I think though I think it's
accelerated although I think it kind of
needs it
it's like they're not really looking at
the independent scene is it bad way I
mean that we're still getting a lot of
great prospects from the independent
promotions all over the UK and Ireland
them over here in American Canada
the problem is is that like this no
territories anymore and it was an
opportunity back then for you know you
have all these different territories
when we just WB we've WCW you know
Memphis WCCW you know mid-south and all
and then they're all gone there so to
keep everything going and keep it at the
high level that we needed to be the
performance end was created and it's it
truly is an amazing facility you seen
yourself top of top class world-class
like guest rank addition in room you got
the proper medical attention there as
well for all more rooms videotape
library rooms and of course all those
rings and it's just kind of you can't
ask for better than that I started off
in FCW which is literally a warehouse
with a lot of just refines and canapes
and I mean they built it into FCW which
is great but it's nothing compared to
what that place is now it's just off the
charts and obviously lots of very
talented young guys and girls down there
and an NXT I was just talking to Cesaro
it's kind of like it's it's an
independent promotion but with WB
production values which makes it so
special I think Triple H has done a
great job yeah he has I mean he's
obviously that's always thinking of us
the future he's investing in the future
of the WB and future of our business and
he's he's down there all the time like
the mean the guy is literally like
during some is a workhorse he he's our
TV here on paper views here he does this
office work and then like every couple
weeks every second week he's an NXT like
producing another another show which
takes to the day and a half a time where
he's away from his family away from his
daughters now so he's driven as anybody
and he says he's determined to succeed
and keep this business growing and keeps
a crop of talent coming through and
people like Adrian Neville who's NXT
champion right now as well it's great
you know I this funny story Adrian's
gonna hate her to me it's a fantastic
talent who will when he gets fighting
it's a month I main roster and make some
serious waves
and me Drew McIntyre and never were in
my house when we're doing completing
these shows in Ireland and stuff so he
was a quiet guy very down airy-fairy
humble and still is - the same guy and
he's never like kind of Daniel Bryan ask
talent we're just you know mean he's
just no ego no no I'm just a lot of
heart a lot of passion for what we do
and he's gonna be he's gonna be the
pride of four idea for a part of England
beats a big guy he's a big Geordie as
well so I need time you casa lewis i
always rub it in just for the crack in
and i mean that in a good way
I've Liverpool is he'll give me stick so
it's all good and just just very quickly
if you could choose one person to main
event WrestleMania with who would a bit
you knew me WrestleMania next year
ginger a resident junior you're on see
their first year main event yes open
shake that's ready